he is the sporting highlight of the
uniklinik cologne der linden castle
32 teams 350 participants 100
commitment
For 16 times the staff met
university hospital at the south stadium around the
get a coveted cup
were at the naming of the teams
There are no limits to creativity
among other things, the mega delivered
psychos trolley kicker or pain
mountains except duels at eye level
kicked off the event
we always vera the board members
lux and günter twin
the idea for the cup was already 15 years
back
they were employees
who are very interested in football and
they said we have to go
do football tournament together
Let us strengthen that
feeling of solidarity
It has 14 teams 15 years ago
starting now where are 33 34
teams in the foreground of the tournament
was especially the fun and that
together
It has always been the years
again exposed that more and more
Enthusiasm on concrete is beautiful or
i'm all daycare groups so well
doctors caregivers
He was a technical employee
and on the field no one asks if he
doctor is whether the nurses the
Team composition was for the
uniklinik staff never
problem been
that gives pure women's groups it can
but also happen that one the women
a person is missing and then if he is
approached cooperation with play
and that works have women and
women
This is how Linden Burkhard developed
over the years and on and on
is a fixed date none
I want to miss it for me
Limburg has an important event in the
year
it is great mood we have
can develop the people have fun
together
and when the day is over it's the cup
celebrated and then it goes
further
integral part of the hindenburg cups
was also the legendary one again
stadium spokesman odenthal the charming
and musically through the tournament
he had this lucky move
but thanks to that
audience just got with like the
scores are a bit of music
a little bit of a player look at that
this makes a total of 58 parallel
the discharged group games fight the
teams to qualify for the quarter-finals
Everything was always sporty
the stage
only occasionally was to graze
recognized that each blown
been
Nevertheless, some players forget that
occasionally at the inviting lawn
to worse injuries like in the
Last year, luckily, it did not happen
supported by numerous fans came
big and small at their expense too for
the strengthening between the parties was
well taken care of so was extra one
Doner station for the hungry kicker
built up
who prefers a chop to the cold
Cologne could not have wanted either
to be disappointed medically
also the strains and bruises
Of course, it is best to take care of one
small obolus for the participants is
the linden castle always gave something
special for many team
play that mixed teams are
that it is fair
organized is that is a beautiful
team spirit all enjoy each other
occasion is a big one but without that
usual complaint is just so nice
nice that you also interest more
as well as from other divisions people
get to know each other and again face each other
you can easily memorize them
looks nice with each other
nerve-racking penalty shootout
Finally, everyone stood
Final participant firmly at point 18 o'clock
the women's finale was tapping between
hotspurs and victoria adductors
held two titleholders so that
promised tension and the audience
should not be disappointed
translated in a balanced partie
the hotspurs with a post shot the
first accent
but then it was as far as the
striking playmaker of the victoria
a counter unsustainable submerged
It became a real crime and
the hotspots now pressed on the
important compensation subsequently got
she awarded an eleven meter because of that
defender on the line with hand
cleared
The penalty was indeed on the latte
set but immediately afterwards
transformed the striker of the hotspurs
a catastrophe a crossbeam to
deserved equalization both played
now with an open visor
came through a placed long shot
Victoria doctor back in the lead
just the elfmeter causer
enforced the game crucial
hit it would have it into the
can shoot 11 penalty shoot but the
post was again on adopter's side
and thus they secured themselves after 2012
again the coveted trophy
Finally, it came to the showdown of
Men
the defending champion onko bongos and
contender as the fcb needle had to go
watching from outside at the finale
between the trolley kicker and the fc
Lock screw the trolli kicker
initially focused on the
defense and left the opponent
come
as a result, the fc
Schlossau with many top-class chances
all of which were left behind and
like an old football saying already
said if you do not have those things in front
Do you get them in the back?
true to this motto , the trolls use
kicker a mess in the penalty room
and poked the ball to 1 0 in the net
bolt now visibly shocked
caught the umbrella too
the interesting 2 to 0
the goalkeeper still prevented
worse and then that became
sixteenth finale of the linden burkhard
blown
the tournament was for all involved times
again a huge success
whether the trolli kicker and victoria doctor
Your titles will be able to defend yourself
Guaranteed to show at the next year
linden castle from 2015